FS-1135 - Random functions for collections (#732)
fsharp/fslang-design: RFCs/FS-1135-random-functions-for-collections.md

# Summary

This feature extends collections apis with functions for random sampling and shuffling built-in fsharp collections.

# Motivation

This feature is motivated by the following use cases:
 - Using F# for data science and machine learning (like building a neural network), where data shuffling plays important role
 - Building games, where random sampling is used for generating random levels, random decks, etc.
 - Building simulations, where random sampling is used for generating random input data

# Detailed design

### General

The following general rules are applied to all functions
 - New function should be implemented in List, Array, Seq modules
 - All functions should not mutate the input collection
 - All functions should have a variant with a [Random](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.random) parameter
 - Shared thread-safe Random instance should be used for all basic functions.

### Shuffle

Shuffle function should returned a new shuffled collection of the same collection type.

Two functions should be added to each module.

```fsharp
val shuffle: CollectionType<'T> -> CollectionType<'T>

> val shuffleRand: Random -> CollectionType<'T> -> CollectionType<'T>

Reviewer: What is CollectionType?

As per the issue these are supposed to sit on the major F# collection types. I'd like to see a proposed signature for each.

Author: Fixed

```

### Choice

Choice function should returned a random element from the collection.

Two functions should be added to each module.

```fsharp
val choice: CollectionType<'T> -> 'T
val choiceRand: Random -> CollectionType<'T> -> 'T
```
[ArgumentNullException](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.argumentnullexception) should be raised if collection is null

[InvalidOperationException](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.invalidoperationexception) should be raised if collection is empty

Example:
```fsharp
let allPlayers = [ "Alice"; "Bob"; "Charlie"; "Dave" ]
let round1Order = allPlayers |> List.choice // "Charlie"
```

### Choices

Choices should select N elements from input collection in random order, once element is taken it can be selected again.

Two functions should be added to each module.

```fsharp
val choices: int -> CollectionType<'T> -> CollectionType<'T>
val choicesRand: Random -> int -> CollectionType<'T> -> CollectionType<'T>
```
[ArgumentNullException](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.argumentnullexception) should be raised if collection is null

> 

Reviewer: What about if the collection is empty?

Author: Fixed

[ArgumentOutOfRangeException](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.argumentoutofrangeexception) should be raised if N is negative

Example:
```fsharp
let allPlayers = [ "Alice"; "Bob"; "Charlie"; "Dave" ]
let round1Order = allPlayers |> List.choices 3 // ["Bob", "Dave", "Bob"]
```

### Sample

Sample should select N elements from input collection in random order, once element is taken it won't be selected again. N can't be greater than collection length

Two functions should be added to each module.

```fsharp
val sample: int -> CollectionType<'T> -> CollectionType<'T>
val sampleRand: Random -> int -> CollectionType<'T> -> CollectionType<'T>
```
[ArgumentNullException](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.argumentnullexception) should be raised if collection is null

> 

Reviewer: What if the collection is empty?

Author: Fixed

[ArgumentOutOfRangeException](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.argumentoutofrangeexception) should be raised if N is greater than collection length or negative

Example:
```fsharp
let allPlayers = [ "Alice"; "Bob"; "Charlie"; "Dave" ]
let round1Order = allPlayers |> List.sample 3 // ["Charlie", "Dave", "Alice"]
```

# Drawbacks

> System.Random interface has added some new methods in [.NET 8](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/core/whats-new/dotnet-8#methods-for-working-with-randomness), where naming is a bit different. More new methods can eventually be added in future .NET versions.

Reviewer: Ehhh, I think it's pretty unlikely that we could add these in. Maybe in the far, far future we can expect .NET 8 as a base dependency for FSharp.Core, but that's so far away that it's not even worth considering.

Reviewer 2: Yeah, +1 we should use/target only what's available in ns2.0 at this point.

Author: I've marked this unresolved question as resolved in the end of the RFC. The drawback itself I think should stay, since users will be choosing - to use .NET shuffling and sampling or F# shuffling and sampling

Reviewer 3: I think what you mean to say here is that we're adding on top of an existing surface area of methods in .NET. I don't think you propose here to use, or refer to these new methods? (they are not part of NetStandard).

However, that said, I'm not opposed mentioning it, but maybe more along the lines of:

```suggestion
Users may be tempted to use some of the recently added method of `System.Random` that also apply to collections instead of the ones we add in FSharp.Core. It may also be confusing to some, especially since the naming over there is slightly different. See [.NET 8 What's New](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/core/whats-new/dotnet-8#methods-for-working-with-randomness).
```

It's certainly not an unresolved question ;).

Reviewer 3: This has since been resolved

# F# RFC FS-1135 - Random functions for collections (List, Array, Seq)

The design suggestion [Add shuffle, sample etc. methods for lists, arrays etc](https://github.com/fsharp/fslang-suggestions/issues/508) has been marked "approved in principle".

This RFC covers the detailed proposal for this suggestion.

- [x] [Suggestion](https://github.com/fsharp/fslang-suggestions/issues/508)
- [x] Approved in principle
- [ ] [Implementation]() (no implementation yet)
- [ ] Design Review Meeting(s) with @dsyme and others invitees
- [Discussion](https://github.com/fsharp/fslang-design/discussions/731)

# Summary

This feature extends collections apis with functions for random sampling and shuffling built-in fsharp collections.

# Motivation

This feature is motivated by the following use cases:
 - Using F# for data science and machine learning (like building a neural network), where data shuffling plays important role
 - Building games, where random sampling is used for generating random levels, random decks, etc.
 - Building simulations, where random sampling is used for generating random input data

# Detailed design

### General

The following general rules are applied to all functions

>  - New functions should be implemented in List, Array, Seq modules

Author: Fixed

 - All functions should have a variant with a [Random](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.random) parameter

>  - Shared thread-safe Random instance should be used for all basic functions

Author: Updated a bit differently not to mention exact implementation details

### Shuffle

> Shuffle function should returned a new shuffled collection of the same collection type.

Author: Fixed

> Two functions should be added to each module.

Author: Fixed

```fsharp
// Array module
val shuffle: 'T[] -> 'T[]

> val shuffleRand: Random -> 'T[] -> 'T[]

Reviewer 4: Suggest `shuffleWith` for this.  Although `With` often means `take a function` the `Randome` object effectively acts as the function.

Or else we could actually take a function parameter at this point, to make it more general, what do you think?

Author: Changed to With

val randomShuffleInPlace: array:'T[] -> 'T[]
val randomShuffleInPlaceWith: random:Random -> array:'T[] -> 'T[]
// List module
val randomShuffle: list:'T list -> 'T list
val randomShuffleWith: random:Random -> list:'T list -> 'T list
// Seq module
val randomShuffle: source:'T seq -> 'T seq
val randomShuffleWith: random:Random -> source:'T seq -> 'T seq
```

> [ArgumentNullException](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.argumentnullexception) should be raised if collection is null

Author: Fixed

Example:
```fsharp
let allPlayers = [ "Alice"; "Bob"; "Charlie"; "Dave" ]
let round1Order = allPlayers |> List.randomShuffle // [ "Charlie"; "Dave"; "Alice"; "Bob" ]
```

### Choice

> Choice function should returned a random element from the collection.

Reviewer 3: nit:
```suggestion
The choice functions return a single random element from the given collection. The random choice is weighted evenly on the size of the collection.
```

Reviewer 3: We might want to add a note about the direction of the implementation here. People may assume that it isn't necessary to traverse the whole sequence or list. However, since the choice should be balanced in relation to the size of the list or sequence, we will need to do a full traversal.

In the case of lists and sequences, that means that we (probably) need to create a temporary local copy of the full sequence. The alternative is multiple traversals.

Author: Fixed text. As for implementation guidance, I don't think it's necessary, since doing random selection on only part of collection will look unnatural and easy to spot on review.

Reviewer 3: Good points, tx.

> Two functions should be added to each module.

Reviewer 3: nit: (be careful with using "should" in RFC texts)
```suggestion
Two functions will be added to each module.
```

Author: Fixed

```fsharp
// Array module
val randomChoice: array:'T[] -> 'T
val randomChoiceWith: random:Random -> array:'T[] -> 'T
// List module
val randomChoice: list:'T list -> 'T
val randomChoiceWith: random:Random -> list:'T list -> 'T
// Seq module
val randomChoice: source:'T seq -> 'T
val randomChoiceWith: random:Random -> source:'T seq -> 'T
```

> [ArgumentNullException](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.argumentnullexception) should be raised if collection is null

Reviewer 3: And if the `Random` instance is `null` (depending on decision taken in #731)
```suggestion
[`ArgumentNullException`](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.argumentnullexception) is raised if collection argument is `null`, or if the `random` argument is `null`.
```

Author: Fixed

[ArgumentException](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.argumentexception) should be raised if collection is empty

Example:
```fsharp
let allPlayers = [ "Alice"; "Bob"; "Charlie"; "Dave" ]
let round1Order = allPlayers |> List.choice // "Charlie"
```

### Choices

Choices should select N elements from input collection in random order, once element is taken it can be selected again.

Two functions should be added to each module.

```fsharp
// Array module

> val choices: int -> 'T[] -> 'T[]

Author: Done

// List module
val randomSample: count:int -> list:'T list -> 'T list
val randomSampleWith: random:Random -> count:int -> list:'T list -> 'T list
// Seq module
val randomSample: count:int -> source:'T seq -> 'T seq
val randomSampleWith: random:Random -> count:int -> source:'T seq -> 'T seq
```
[ArgumentNullException](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.argumentnullexception) should be raised if collection is null

[ArgumentException](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.argumentoutofrangeexception) should be raised if N is greater than collection length or is negative

[ArgumentException](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.argumentexception) should be raised if collection is empty

Example:
```fsharp
let allPlayers = [ "Alice"; "Bob"; "Charlie"; "Dave" ]
let round1Order = allPlayers |> List.randomSample 3 // ["Charlie", "Dave", "Alice"]
```

# Drawbacks

System.Random interface has added some new methods in [.NET 8](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/core/whats-new/dotnet-8#methods-for-working-with-randomness), where naming is a bit different. More new methods can eventually be added in future .NET versions.

# Alternatives

> Use online snippets, or provide a nuget package.

Reviewer 3: It's creative of you to think of this as an alternative :). Of course, anybody could just provide their own methods (trivial enough to do).

Usually, for RFC's like these that add functions to the surface area, we just say:

```suggestion
Not doing this.
```

as there really isn't a good alternative :).

# Compatibility

> Please address all necessary compatibility questions:

Reviewer 3: nit (is from the template, can be removed)
```suggestion
```

Author: Fixed

> * Is this a breaking change? **No, unless user defined those extensions themselves**

Reviewer 3: nit:
```suggestion
* Is this a breaking change? **No**
```

User-defined implementations have precedence. So even if, this is not going to be a problem. Users can *always* implement their own version of any of the FSharp.Core functions.

Author: Fixed

> * What happens when previous versions of the F# compiler encounter this design addition as source code? **Should be fine**

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* What happens when previous versions of the F# compiler encounter this design addition as source code? **Library function, not applicable**
```

Author: Fixed

> * What happens when previous versions of the F# compiler encounter this design addition in compiled binaries? **Should be fine**

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* What happens when previous versions of the F# compiler encounter this design addition in compiled binaries? **Library function, not applicable***
```

Author: Fixed

* If this is a change or extension to FSharp.Core, what happens when previous versions of the F# compiler encounter this construct? **Will work as usual**

# Pragmatics

## Diagnostics

> Please list the reasonable expectations for diagnostics for misuse of this feature. **I don't see a way to misuse it**

Reviewer 3: Not sure that goes in here, but any random implementation can be valid even if it always returns the exact same value. In that case, the same item would always be returned. But since this is essentially true of anything that anybody can write in their own code, it's probably not worth mentioning.

Author: I don't know what to write here either :) So leaved it as is

Reviewer 3: Hey @Lanayx, it appears we both forgot about this line. We shouldn't leave the remnants of the template hanging around (I know, it happens, but we shouldn't ;) ).

This is my suggestion:

```suggestion
There are no known diagnostics on any abuse or misuse of this feature.
```

## Tooling

Please list the reasonable expectations for tooling for this feature, including any of these:

* Debugging
    * Breakpoints/stepping
    * Expression evaluator
    * Data displays for locals and hover tips
* Auto-complete
* Tooltips
* Navigation and Go To Definition
* Colorization
* Brace/parenthesis matching

> **Should work just like for other collections functions**

Reviewer 3: easy on the use of "should" ;)
```suggestion
**These will work just like for other collections functions**
```

Author: Fixed

## Performance

> Please list any notable concerns for impact on the performance of compilation and/or generated code

Reviewer 3: nit (part of template, can be removed)
```suggestion
```

Author: Fixed

> * For existing code **Existing code should not be affected**

Reviewer 3: nit
```suggestion
* For existing code **Existing code won't be affected**
```

Author: Fixed

> * For the new features **Performance should be respected when implementing this feature, since it can be used in performance-sensitive scenaris**

Reviewer 3: nit
```suggestion
* For the new features **Performance should be respected when implementing this feature, since it can be used in performance-sensitive scenarios**
```

Author: Fixed

## Scaling

> Algorithmic complexity of the new features should be O(n) or less. 

Reviewer 3: We may need to specify this per function. Basically: O(n) for list and seq functions. O(1) for most array functions (except shuffle).

Author: Fixed

## Culture-aware formatting/parsing

> N/A

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Each error, unless already defined in FSharp.Core, will need to be translated.
```

Author: As far as I remember from my implementation, there will be no new errors introduced

# Unresolved questions

It's unclear, if more sophisticated overloads should be added:

>  - Weights parameter for randomChoices function

Reviewer 3: I think we can safely say that we won't do this in the current implementation? 

The only remaining unresolved question is the choice of randomizer argument: either `Random` or `unit - float`, see #731.

Author: I've cleaned up this section at all for now. I will mention your suggestion later if we don't agree about it in the linked discussion thread within few days.

Author: Ok, added link to your suggestion

>  - Counts parameter for randomSample function

Reviewer 3: You have the `count` argument already, this ca be dropped:
```suggestion
```

Author: Fixed

> ~~In .NET 6 and higher [Random.Shared](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.random.shared) is available, but as soon as F# Core only targets standard, it can't use it. Is targeting higher .NET possible (not just for this feature, maybe some others need it)?

Reviewer 3: No, not possible (not yet, at least). It would mean maintaining multiple versions of FSharp.Core and we are trying really, really hard to prevent that.

I think you an drop this as _unresolved question_. We will just cherry-pick from the existing implementation, as suggested above.

Author: Fixed

> Same question about new [.NET 8 apis](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/core/whats-new/dotnet-8#methods-for-working-with-randomness), they could be reused in theory~~

Reviewer 3: Yes. But there will always be new versions and new interfaces, methods etc. If someone wants to use them, they can, by simply opening the relevant namespace.

I think you an drop this as _unresolved question_ too.

Author: Fixed

let round1Order = allPlayers |> List.randomSample 3 // ["Charlie", "Dave", "Alice"]
```

# Drawbacks

Users may be tempted to use some of the recently added method of `System.Random` that also apply to collections instead of the ones we add in FSharp.Core. It may also be confusing to some, especially since the naming over there is slightly different. See [.NET 8 What's New](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/core/whats-new/dotnet-8/runtime#methods-for-working-with-randomness).

# Alternatives

Not doing this.

# Compatibility

* Is this a breaking change? **No**
* What happens when previous versions of the F# compiler encounter this design addition as source code? **Library function, not applicable**
* What happens when previous versions of the F# compiler encounter this design addition in compiled binaries? **Library function, not applicable**
* If this is a change or extension to FSharp.Core, what happens when previous versions of the F# compiler encounter this construct? **Will work as usual**

# Pragmatics

## Diagnostics

Please list the reasonable expectations for diagnostics for misuse of this feature. **I don't see a way to misuse it**

> ## Tooling
> 
> Please list the reasonable expectations for tooling for this feature, including any of these:
> 
> * Debugging
>     * Breakpoints/stepping
>     * Expression evaluator
>     * Data displays for locals and hover tips
> * Auto-complete
> * Tooltips
> * Navigation and Go To Definition
> * Colorization
> * Brace/parenthesis matching
> 
> **These will work just like for other collections functions**

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
## Tooling

n/a, this is a F# Core library addition.

```

Author: Fixed

The following general rules are applied to all functions
 - New functions should be implemented in `List`, `Array`, `Seq` modules
 - Each function should have a variant that takes a [Random](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.random) argument

>  - Each function should have a variant that takes a custom `randomizer` function. This function should return a `float` value from `0..1` range sampled from the desired distribution.

Reviewer 3: nit, let's be precise:
```suggestion
 - Each function should have a variant that takes a custom `randomizer` function. This function should return a `float` that is greater than or equal to `0.0`, and less than `1.0`, like [Random.NextDouble](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.random.nextdouble?view=net-8.0)).
```

Author: Fixed

// Array module
val randomShuffle: array:'T[] -> 'T[]
val randomShuffleWith: random:Random -> array:'T[] -> 'T[]
val randomShuffleBy: randomizer: (unit -> float) -> array:'T[] -> 'T[]
val randomShuffleInPlace: array:'T[] -> 'T[]
val randomShuffleInPlaceWith: random:Random -> array:'T[] -> 'T[]
val randomShuffleInPlaceBy: randomizer: (unit -> float) -> array:'T[] -> 'T[]
// List module
val randomShuffle: list:'T list -> 'T list
val randomShuffleWith: random:Random -> list:'T list -> 'T list
val randomShuffleBy: randomizer: (unit -> float) -> list:'T list -> 'T list
// Seq module
val randomShuffle: source:'T seq -> 'T seq
val randomShuffleWith: random:Random -> source:'T seq -> 'T seq
val randomShuffleBy: randomizer: (unit -> float) -> source:'T seq -> 'T seq
```
[ArgumentNullException](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.argumentnullexception) is raised if collection is `null`, or if the `random` argument is `null`.

> [ArgumentOutOfRangeException](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.argumentoutofrangeexception) is raised if randomizer returns a value outside the `0..1` range.

Reviewer 3: nit, let's be precise:
```suggestion
[ArgumentOutOfRangeException](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.argumentoutofrangeexception) is raised if the `randomizer` function returns a `float` that is less than `0.0` or greater or equal to `1.0`.
```

Author: Fixed

// Array module
val randomChoice: array:'T[] -> 'T
val randomChoiceWith: random:Random -> array:'T[] -> 'T
val randomChoiceBy: randomizer: (unit -> float) -> array:'T[] -> 'T
// List module
val randomChoice: list:'T list -> 'T
val randomChoiceWith: random:Random -> list:'T list -> 'T
val randomChoiceBy: randomizer: (unit -> float) -> list:'T list -> 'T
// Seq module
val randomChoice: source:'T seq -> 'T
val randomChoiceWith: random:Random -> source:'T seq -> 'T
val randomChoiceBy: randomizer: (unit -> float) -> source:'T seq -> 'T
```
[ArgumentNullException](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.argumentnullexception) is raised if collection is `null`, or if the `random` argument is `null`.

[ArgumentException](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.argumentexception) is raised if collection is empty.

> [ArgumentOutOfRangeException](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.argumentoutofrangeexception) is raised if randomizer returns a value outside the `0..1` range.

Reviewer 3: nit, let's be precise:
```suggestion
[ArgumentOutOfRangeException](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.argumentoutofrangeexception) is raised if the `randomizer` function returns a `float` that is less than `0.0` or greater or equal to `1.0`.
```

Author: Fixed

// Array module
val randomChoices: count:int -> array:'T[] -> 'T[]
val randomChoicesWith: random:Random -> count:int -> array:'T[] -> 'T[]
val randomChoicesBy: randomizer: (unit -> float) -> count:int -> array:'T[] -> 'T[]
// List module
val randomChoices: count:int -> list:'T list -> 'T list
val randomChoicesWith: random:Random -> count:int -> list:'T list -> 'T list
val randomChoicesBy: randomizer: (unit -> float) -> count:int -> list:'T list -> 'T list
// Seq module
val randomChoices: count:int -> source:'T seq -> 'T seq
val randomChoicesWith: random:Random -> count:int -> source:'T seq -> 'T seq
val randomChoicesBy: randomizer: (unit -> float) -> count:int -> source:'T seq -> 'T seq
```
[ArgumentNullException](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.argumentnullexception) is raised if collection is `null`, or if the `random` argument is `null`.

[ArgumentException](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.argumentoutofrangeexception) is raised if N is negative.

[ArgumentException](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.argumentexception) is raised if collection is empty.

> [ArgumentOutOfRangeException](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.argumentoutofrangeexception) is raised if randomizer returns a value outside the `0..1` range.

Reviewer 3: nit, let's be precise:
```suggestion
[ArgumentOutOfRangeException](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.argumentoutofrangeexception) is raised if the `randomizer` function returns a `float` that is less than `0.0` or greater or equal to `1.0`.
```

Author: Fixed

// Array module
val randomSample: count:int -> array:'T[] -> 'T[]
val randomSampleWith: random:Random -> count:int -> array:'T[] -> 'T[]
val randomSampleBy: randomizer: (unit -> float) -> count:int -> array:'T[] -> 'T[]
// List module
val randomSample: count:int -> list:'T list -> 'T list
val randomSampleWith: random:Random -> count:int -> list:'T list -> 'T list
// Seq module
val randomSample: count:int -> source:'T seq -> 'T seq
val randomSampleWith: random:Random -> count:int -> source:'T seq -> 'T seq
val randomSampleBy: randomizer: (unit -> float) -> count:int -> source:'T seq -> 'T seq
```
[ArgumentNullException](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.argumentnullexception) is raised if collection is `null`, or if the `random` argument is `null`.

[ArgumentException](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.argumentoutofrangeexception) is raised if N is greater than collection length or is negative.

[ArgumentException](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.argumentexception) is raised if collection is empty.

> [ArgumentOutOfRangeException](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.argumentoutofrangeexception) is raised if randomizer returns a value outside the `0..1` range.

Reviewer 3: nit, let's be precise:
```suggestion
[ArgumentOutOfRangeException](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.argumentoutofrangeexception) is raised if the `randomizer` function returns a `float` that is less than `0.0` or greater or equal to `1.0`.
```

Author: Fixed

* Colorization
* Brace/parenthesis matching

**These will work just like for other collections functions**

## Performance

* For existing code **Existing code won't be affected**
* For the new features **Performance should be respected when implementing this feature, since it can be used in performance-sensitive scenarios**

## Scaling

Algorithmic complexity of the new features should be O(n) for list and seq functions. O(1) for most array functions (except shuffle).

## Culture-aware formatting/parsing

N/A

# Unresolved questions

> [Additional function suggested](https://github.com/fsharp/fslang-design/discussions/731#discussioncomment-9328918)

Reviewer 3: Thanks for linking the open point here. Let's resolve that soon(ish), so we can replace this simply with nothing, and I can merge this proposal for you, so we can start implementing it before the deadline of the next F# gets too close.

```suggestion
None
```
